Release cluster-operator 0.23.9 patch version for aws installation (#280)
giantswarm/releases: release-notes/aws/v9.0.5.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v9.0.5 for AWS :zap:

> This release fixes a problem in user values migration logic for apps, and fixing release templates to support Helm 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes a bug causing the NGINX IC app to be removed from a cluster.

It also modifies release templates to support the coming upgrade to Helm 3.
```

Reviewer: I wanted to make the value of the bug fix clearer. Also to communicate the coming Helm 3 upgrade. WDYT? @tomahawk28 @rossf7 ?

Same applies to 9.3.1

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v9.0.5 for AWS :zap:

> This release fixes a bug causing the NGINX IC app to be removed from a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release fixes a rare bug that would prevent the NGINX IC from being installed on a new cluster. 

This bug would only occur on cluster creation if you had a nginx-ingress-controller-user-values configmap in the kube-system namespace while the cluster was still initialising.

Solution Engineers have already done the manual fix for affected customers.
```
